Abby: Hello, Dan.
Dan: Hey.
-- How are you?
-- Good.
Do you want
to close the door?
Actually, I don't think we need
to have a session today.
Okay.
-- Seriously.
-- Yes.
I'm not saying
we're done completely.
I just don't think we need
to have a session this week.
Okay.
All right, then.
I'm just gonna go.
Okay.
And I'll see you next week.
Sounds good.
-- Seriously.
-- What time you got there?
Announcer: I don't believe it!
29 feet, 8 1/4?!
-- Hmm? -- I said
what time you got?
29, 8 1/4.
Huh?
I'm sorry.
Um...5 after 10:00.
Shouldn't we get started?
No. I'm not kidding.
-- Okay. -- I don't know why you don't
ever believe me when I say I'm happy.
What's 29, 8 1/4?
Nothin'.
[Cheering]
It's a thing that
happened last night.
What?
Believe it or not, Abby,
I'm not allowed to tell you.
-- You're not allowed to tell me?
By law? -- Nope.
It involves the result of a sporting
event that was tape-delayed --
happenedin the middle of last
night in Auckland, New Zealand,
and my network's airing it
tonight in prime time,
-- and they get a little touchy about it.
-- I get it.
You know, it was the same thing in
Nagano, Japan, so you know how it is.
You want to close the door
and sit down?
Nah. I'm, uh,
I'm gonna head to the office.
-- Okay. -- You know, the
interesting thing is
that at the beginning
of the week,
I really couldn't have cared
less about this story.
I normally don't get that
excited about track and field.
I mean, I admire
the athleticism and everything,
but, for me, there needs
to be an opponent.
You seem to get excited
about it on TV.
Well, that's my job.
When it's showtime,
it's showtime.
Roll VTR.
60 seconds live.
Stand by, four,
five, and six.
Dave: Stand by, animation.
-- Where's Dan'?
Danny! Showtime!
Jeremy, let's go.
Yeah, I'll be right there.
Computerized voice:
Welcome.
-- Preview Denver. Uh, get me Brett in I.A.
I/VIH: Denver's up.
-- Jeremy, what's in that computer
you're waiting for? -- Huh?
-- You've been checking your e-mail
all day. -- Chris, show me Auckland.
-- I'm waiting for a letter
from my sister. -- Okay.
-- 30 seconds live.
-- Auckland's up.
Can you hear me, Oscar?
-- Is that Natalie?
-- It's Natalie stateside.
How you doin'?
-- I'm doing okay.
-- Just okay?
-- I'm a little nervous. -- You
jump better than you talk?
I do almost everything
better than I talk, Natalie.
One of these days, you're gonna have to
come up here and prove that to me, Oscar.
10 seconds live.
You really can't get
excited about this?
A guy jumping far
into a pit of sand?
-- Ah, he's gonna set a new world
record, you know -- -- Okay.
-- 29' 5", if I'm any judge in the
art of the long jump. -- You're not.
Dave." In 3...2...
Good evening.
From New York City,
I'm Dan Rydell
alongside Casey McCall.
Those stories,
plus the T-wolves
go hunting in Motor City,
the Sharks get jiggy
in San Jose,
and, yes, we've got a Shaq
attack in Hackensack.
We'll take you
to Auckland, New Zealand,
where Oscar Parrish is poised
to demonstrate
that what jumps up
may not come down
for an awfully long time.
You're watching “Sports Night“ on CSC.
Stick around.
Dave." We're out.
Now, Oscar,
you've had a decade's worth
of bad luck.
You were set to win
the gold medal
at the world championships
in Berlin,
and you tore an ACL
in the preliminaries.
We all knew you were gonna
break the record in Atlanta,
and, of course, the death of your
father on the eve of the games
kept you
out of the competition.
So let me ask you
a stupid question --
how much does all that add
to the pressure on you?
Oscar: Well, there's plenty
of pressure.
You know, all I've done
since I was 14 years old
is try to jump
a quarter-inch farther.
I'm 33 now, and my legs stopped
getting stronger a few years ago.
Is it fair to say this is your
last chance to set a record?
Yeah, this is the ballgame.
You've got a lot of people
here rooting for you, Oscar.
Go strap those wings on
your feet and knock us dead.
I'll do my best.
Oscar Parrish
from the Millennial Games.
A reminder from
our promo department --
you can catch
all the action from Auckland
during CSCTs prime-time coverage of the
Millennial Games, live on tape delay --
I swear to God it says that -- “live on
tape delay“ -- tomorrow night at 8:00.
We'll be back and better than ever
with all the highlights at 11 :00.
For Casey McCall,
I'm Dan Rydell.
You've been watching
"Sports Night" on CSC.
-- We'll see you tomorrow.
-- Good night.
I actually know this one.
Mike Powell's got
the long-jump record.
-- 29 feet, 4 inches.
-- You're not impressed?
-- Do you know whose record he broke?
-- No.
Then I'm not impressed.
So the world has to wait till tonight
to find out if your guy did it?
-- Oscar Parrish.
-- Yeah.
Not the whole world,
just this half of it.
-- You already know.
-- Yes.
-- You get it by Teletype.
-- Teletype?
-- That's not what they call it? -- That's
what they called it in Citizen Kane,
but there's been significant communications
technology progress since then.
We have
live satellite feeds now.
Weren't you leaving?
Yeah.
'Cause you're feeling good.
Believe me,
don't believe me.
Okay.
You know, we're having a
perfectly fun conversation,
you gotta go and put
your stethoscope on.
The meter's running.
No, the meter's not running.
This wasn't an appointment.
24 hours notice, Danny.
I gotta earn a living.
-- Well, that's a bit of a turnoff.
-- Believe me when I teH you
the last thing I'm trying
to do is turn you on.
-- VVell, change whatever it is you're
doing 'cause -- -- I'M see you next week.
Say, speaking of being turned on
-- this'll take just a second
since you know
the cast of characters.
Jeremy's in love
with an adult-film actress.
A porn star?
I believe they prefer
to be called
"adult-film actress."
You think it's his reaction
to his breakup with Natalie?
It's Jeremy
and a porn star, Abby.
Of course it's a reaction
to his breakup with Natalie.
L-I'm interested in this.
If I hadn't gone
to medical school,
I was thinking
of being a porn star.
How long they been dating?
It's not entirely clear whether
or not they are dating.
Last time I saw Jeremy, he was
heading out into a rainstorm.
-- Kim, come on.
-- No.
Kimberly.
Track and field
at 2:00 in the morning?
Elliot, where's your spirit?
It goes home with me at midnight
when I'm done with work.
-- I'll order food.
-- What kind of food?
What kind of food
do you want?
-- Mexican.
-- Mexican it is.
-- And Chinese. I like to mix them.
-- What the hell?
Okey-doke. Elliot, there's gonna
be Mexican food and Chinese food.
I'm kind of in the mood
for deli.
Mexican food, Chinese food,
and food from a delicatessen.
-- I'm there.
-- Outstanding.
-- Jeremy.
-- Morning.
I am organizing a late-night posse
to watch Oscar break the record.
What kind of food?
You know, I'm getting
kind of tired
of having to bribe people
with food.
-- I'm not doing that anymore.
-- Pizza.
-- You got it.
-- Thank you.
-- What's with the umbrella?
-- It's gonna rain tonight.
-- No, it's not.
-- It really is.
No, QXR said overnight lows in the 50s and
less than 10°/o chance of precipitation.
No, this time of year, there's a low-pressure
system that moves down from Newfoundland.
Ordinarily, it moves out to sea
once it hits Northern New England,
but there's a particularly
unusual Atlantic cold front
that's gonna keep it
coastally contained.
Computerized voice:
Welcome.
-- So you're saying it's
gonna rain tonight? -- Yeah.
Good to know.
Damn.
Dana: Why don't I go
to church?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I never have.
You used to.
VVell, once in a while, when I was a kid.
Why are you asking me?
I don't know.
I've just always thought
you'd like it.
Am I in need of something?
I was just asking.
I'm totally -- I mean --
I have absolutely
nothing to say.
Then I'll just
count my blessings.
I have work to do now.
Okay.
And what with being
spiritually bereft --
I just brought it up.
I'm a hot, young,
single woman in New York.
What the hell does that
have to do with anything?
I don't know,
but there's relevancy there.
Okay.
[Knock on door]
Excuse me.
Come on in.
I have to get back to work.
Okay.
What's on your mind,
Jeremy?
Oh, quite a bit, actually.
Then is it too late for me
to take back my question?
I think I'm in love
with this girl.
No, obviously, love's too
strong, but I met this girl.
Is she in any way
related to me?
-- No.
-- Then we're fine.
She's an adult-film
actress.
A porn star?
I think they prefer
"adult-film actress."
[Chuckles]
How'd you meet her?
I met her the other night when she
started talking to me at Anthony's.
We were talking
for a couple hours,
but then I kind of blew her off
when I found out what she did.
Then I got to the office the next
day, and I e-mailed her website.
-- She has a website?
Yeah.
VVell, I'm not that wild about e-mail traffic
from porn stars coming to the office.
I set up a special address. She's
the only one that can hit it.
But it's been three days since I sent
it, and I haven't heard back from her.
By the way, if you ever want to
do it, use a server in Finland.
It stores the return address
in an encrypted file,
sends the message to the recipient
with an address from the remailer.
Does the porn star know
you're this much of a dork?
I don't think she does.
But my question was... am I crazy
for thinking about her this much?
-- Jeremy...
-- Yeah?
You're reacting to your
breakup with Natalie,
and you're romanticizing
the time you spent
with this girl.
Yes.
That's what I'm doing.
It's natural.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Are the Rangers
playing tonight?
They're in Detroit.
-- Danny...
-- Dana.
The network would
like me to remind you
that you've signed
nondisclosure forms
with regard
to tape-delayed broadcasts.
It's not like that
information's hard to get.
-- They asked me to remind you.
-- To say nothing if
I don't think rumors about a
long-jump competition in New Zealand
-- are gonna spread like wildfire.
-- Whatever.
Jeremy, rundown.
I'll be right there.
Computerized voice:
Welcome.
You've got mail.
Abby: I want to write this down.
Dan: Why?
'Cause I'm gonna watch
the tape delay later,
and I want to know
all the numbers.
So Mike Powell
was 29 feet --
Bob Beamon
was 29 feet, 2 1/2.
Mike Powell broke his record
at 29 feet, 4 1/4 inches.
Wow, just an inch and 3/4.
An inch and 3/4 is 100 miles
in track and field.
The distance is always 100 miles
between first place and second place.
You know, Jackie Robinson had a
brother, and he ran the 200 meters.
At the Olympics, he ran it
faster than anyone
had ever run it before,
and he still came in second.
I didn't know Jackie Robinson
had a brother.
'Cause it was
the 1936 Olympics,
and the guy who came in first
was Jesse Owens.
Yeah, I was talking to a friend
of mine who's a sports fan,
and he said there was a magazine
that did a top 100 list
of the most influential
people in sports,
and he thought
it was strange
that, uh, Casey made the list
and you didn't.
-- Why would your friend bring that up?
-- He just did.
Seems like the only reason
he would bring that up
is if he knew I was
a patient of yours.
He doesn't.
Anyway, my point is
an inch is forever
in track and field.
So 29 feet, 4 1/4 inches
is the mark to beat?
Yeah.
Food of many lands --
Mexico, China, Italy,
your own nation of Israel.
It's track and field.
Yeah, but it's the camaraderie
I'm talking about.
You know, I've never been
to Israel.
[Snaps fingers] That is why I am
bringing Israel to you, my friend,
with fine smoked meats
and cheeses.
Yeah, meat and dairy
is just what you want
on the same plate
for that touch of Jerusalem.
Hey, come on.
I don't think so.
-- Danny.
-- Casey.
Danny! You know,
I think that there's
a residual "top 100 list"
thing going on.
There isn't.
You've been like this
for, like, a week now.
-- Casey, there isn't.
-- Okay.
I'm just going to go grab some
menus if you change your mind.
Computerized voice:
Welcome.
[Thunder crashes]
Jeremy, what is going on
with you and e-mail?
Someone e-mailed me that they want to
meet me at a certain place tonight,
and I e-mailed them
that I'm not gonna go,
and I can see that they
haven't opened the e-mail yet.
So she's just gonna be
sitting there.
-- She? Who's she?
-- Yeah. You don't know her.
-- What's her name?
-- Her name's Jenny.
-- Jenny who?
-- I don't know her last name.
She gave you her e-mail address,
but not her last name?
-- Are we done with 20 questions?
-- I'm just askin'.
-- She works under a different name.
-- What, is she a porn star?
They prefer
"adult-film actress."
Oh, man.
[Thunder rumbling]
Oh.
I don't know why
I reacted that way.
You were jealous.
-- Of Jeremy?
-- Yeah.
It rained really hard
last night.
Where are you going?
I gotta go tell somebody
I'm not gonna meet them.
-- You comm' back'?
-- Yep.
-- Hey, you were right about the rain.
Ah, where are you going?
-- I'm running to the ATM.
-- Why?
I need cash.
-- For what?
-- It's for general use.
-- It's for betting with Natalie.
-- Yeah.
-- You're gonna bet on
track and field. -- Yes.
You know, the two of you need to get
yourselves in a meeting, you know that?
She gave me 8 to 5
on Heinrich in the pole vault.
-- Seriously?
-- Back in a minute.
Oh, hey!
Oh.
Hey, ho!
Since you're going out
in the rainstorm anyway,
[Thunder crashes]
feel like picking up the food?
From where?
-- The following six
places -- -- Casey...
-- Come on!
-- I'm not going to six places.
-- They're all across the street from
each other. -- Have it delivered.
No, it'll take forever,
and I'm starving.
Remember the job I did for you
when you had the flu?
-- Write them down for me.
-- Ah!
[Thunder rumbling]
-- Hi.
-- Oh, I'm, uh, wet.
-- Yes.
-- You're not.
-- I took an umbrella.
-- Who knew it was gonna rain?
-- You should've asked me.
Um, I was really glad
to get your e-mail.
And I was glad you wrote me
back, but then I sent you --
Would you hang on?
Hey, Jack...
-- could I get a rum and Coke
and a cup of hot tea? -- Yeah.
You sent me another what?
I sent you another e-mail.
Jack, why don't you
hold off on that?
Look, I don't mind sitting here and having
a drink with you. I mean, that's fine.
But just so you know, there's not
gonna be any kind of relationship.
You don't mind sitting here
having a drink with me?
-- God, I'm walking on air.
-- Jenny...
-- Why did you make me come down
here tonight? -- I sent you --
Come to think of it, why did
you come down here tonight if,
as you say,
you sent me an e-mail?
-- I did send you an e-mail.
-- Not that I got.
Jenny, check your e-mail.
There will be one from me, okay?
I don't want to argue
about that.
What you said a second ago,
about wanting
to make it clear right off
that there's not gonna be
a relationship,
and the fact that we're both
here right now anyway --
what I'm saying,
it sounds a lot to me like,
“What I'd really like to do is get drunk
with a porn star, go back to her place,
and not have to worry
about it in the morning."
-- That is in no way even remotely
what I was saying. -- I'm sorry...
I'm someone you can't explain
to your parents, okay,
but rest assured it takes a lot more
work to get me into bed than that.
Yeah, unless you're playing the
role of Cass, the new pool boy.
You think I haven't
heard that one before?
[Thunder rumbling]
-- You should take my umbrella!
-- I don't want your umbrella!
-- You're not gonna get a cab in the rain.
-- I'm fine!
-- Listen, Jenny...
-- I don't believe it.
What?
You can't stand in the rain
without an umbrella?
Yes, Jenny, I learned
when I was young
that if I do that,
I'll get wet.
And I learned when I was young
if I get wet, I'll dry off.
I learned not to be troubled
by water falling from the sky.
I learned that, when I was young,
the things that frightened me
might not be so frightening
after all --
that possibly, the only reason
I was frightened
was because I was young.
It was nice
knowing you, Jenny.
You're wearing a raincoat!
What?
It was raining when you
left your apartment.
You don't have an umbrella 'cause
you don't have an umbrella.
Only you won't admit it cause you
are Miss “I meant to do that.
"I'm free and open
and unafraid of rain.
"I'm wet, 'cause that's
how I meant it to be.
"I have a degree in dance
from Julliard.
"I make X-rated movies now.
But that's
how I meant it to be."
You think I'm timid?
God forbid you should admit
you're not a tough guy.
I'm going inside
until the rain stops.
I was offering you
the umbrella.
No, thank you.
[Thunder rumbling,
siren wailing]
How the hell long can it take
a person to go to an ATM
and pick up food
from six restaurants?
Are the restaurants close
to each other?
Not as close as I led her
to believe, but still.
[Thunder crashing]
Dan: Could you guys
quiet down?!
Did you guys just hear Dan?
Could you guys quiet down?
-- I thought you went home.
-- Evidently I didn't.
-- When's Oscar up?
Elliot." Any minute.
Oh...my...God.
-- Dana?
Dana: Hi.
-- What happened?
-- It's raining.
Yes.
No, Casey, it's raining
really, really hard.
-- VVhere have you been? -- f-I thought
it was gonna let up after a few minutes,
and I was just gonna
duck out of it.
The first door I tried
was open.
You know what it was?
A church?
How did you know
I was gonna say that?
I don't know.
I sat in a church...
and I feel good.
I'm going back.
There's something there for me.
You didn't get the food.
No, Casey.
[All groan] I wanted to tell you
about my church experience.
Well,
that's an even tradeoff.
They gave me this Hefty Bag.
-- It's starting.
-- Jeremy...
Dave: Chris, sound. -- Guess
where I've been. -- Church.
-- [ Gasps] You see? He knew.
-- I was standing right here.
Turn it up!
Announcer: Conditions are
ideal for Oscar Parrish.
Are we about
to see a new world record?
Let's find out
as Parrish sets.
Announcer #2: Here we go.
The jump» - -
He's got it.
He's got it!
I think he's got it, Gary!
29 feet, 5 1/4 inches.
[All cheering]
Oscar Parrish sets
the world record!
-- You told me who won.
-- Yeah.
-- I lulled you into it. -- Hey,
we were all lulled lnto It.
What do you mean?
[Cheering on TV]
-- Natalie...
-- Yeah?
-- Have you seen this guy before?
-- No.
-- Who is he?
-- He's Austrian.
Announcer #2: Walter Weingradt
of Austria on the runway...
-- Look at those legs.
-- 19 years old,
and jumping in only his third
world competition.
Weingradt sets...
The jump» - -
Oh, my God.
Announcer #1: Gary...
-- They're measuring...
They're measuring at
29 feet, 8 1/4?!
A full three inches better
than Oscar Parrish,
whose gold medal hopes,
whose world-record hopes,
have just come
to an abrupt finish.
From out of nowhere,
19-year-old Walter Weingradt
has set a record
that will not be challenged
for some time.
[Thunder rumbling]
Jack: Have a good night.
See? This is better.
It's a nice umbrella, too.
I got it at Macy's.
You really came back here
to talk to me about accessories?
A guy, long jumper
named Oscar Parrish,
just set a new world record,
which is what he'd been working
toward his whole life.
Then that record got broken
a few minutes later
by a guy no one had heard of.
Do you know this guy?
-- Oscar Parrish?
-- Yeah.
No, I don't know him,
but if you cover sports...
Yeah.
Now two things -- the first is
I signed a nondisclosure form
that says I'm not allowed to
tell you what I just told you.
So please don't
tell anyone else.
My friends and I
don't sit around talking
about long-jump competitions.
VVho the hell knows what you people
talk about when you're naked?
VVell, we certainly don't talk
about it when we're naked, Jeremy.
What was the second thing?
[Siren wailing]
I like you,
and I hurt your feelings.
I wanted to come back here
and insist
that you take my umbrella.
I think you wanted
to come back here
just to be with me...
But give me the damn umbrella.
I'm going home now.
I'm wet now!
What?
I'm getting wet,
as you can see.
I don't mind, for I am fine
here in the rain.
Pretty big step for you,
is it?
Not monumental, but...
-- So...
-- Yes?
Don't you want to know how
I knew it was gonna rain?
Sure.
This time of year,
there's a low-pressure system
that moves down
from Newfoundland.
Ordinarily,
it moves out to sea
once it hits
Northern New England,
but there's a particularly
unusual Atlantic cold front
that I knew would
keep it coastally contained,
leaving the system no choice
but to move down here.
Wow.
Yeah.
You're a dork.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
I'm gonna go home now, too.
You got an umbrella?
-- Don't need one...
-- For you are fine.
For I am.
I think that's just an excuse
for being too dumb
to have an umbrella.
I'll walk you.
You're bothered
because he came in second?
He held the record
for five minutes.
That's five minutes longer
than most people do.
You know what? I've heard that kind of
thing, and I'm gonna say this, okay?
If you're good enough
to come in second place,
then you're good enough
to be disappointed in it.
And you never heard
of Bob Beamon.
Not everybody needs the love
of strangers.
He was an athlete, Abby.
Athletes need to win.
It's not about, you know --
You feel disconnected from
people around you now?
Yeah.
Yeah, people are challenging
themselves, trying new things.
Dana went to church, found out she
liked it. Jeremy's on an adventure.
You wonder why
that didn't happen to you.
Meantime, your partner got
on the list, and you didn't,
just like Oscar Parrish.
-- It was his whole life.
-- Probably wasn't.
And his whole life
isn't over yet.
Now, I think most people would say
you've got a pretty good life.
But yours isn't over yet,
either, by the way,
though our time is up.
-- Hmm?
-- Our time's up.
No, it's cool.
Really, I can't stay.
You already did.
That was the hour.
-- Really?
-- Yes.
One of these days,
I'd like to go back
to you sitting down.
Yeah.
[Rock music plays]